DeepView AI Middleware Trial Software EULA
__________________________________________
End-User License Agreement ("Agreement")

last updated on October 25, 2022

Please read this End-User License Agreement carefully before downloading or
using the Trial Software.

Interpretation and Definitions Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined
under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same
meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

Definitions

For the purposes of this End-User License Agreement:

●   "Agreement" means this End-User License Agreement that forms the entire
    agreement between You and the Company regarding usage of the Trial Software.

●   "Trial Software" means the software provided to You by the Company by any
    means including email, downloaded by You through a Download site or
    provided to you by an intermediary.

●   "Download site" means the digital distribution service operated and
    developed by the company from with the Trial Software has been downloaded
    to your Device.

●   "Company" (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this
    Agreement) refers to Au-Zone Technologies.

●   "Content" refers to content such as text, images, or other information that
    can be posted, uploaded, linked to or otherwise made available by You,
    regardless of the form of that content.

●   "Country" refers to: Canada

●   "Device" means any device that can access the Trial Software such as a
    computer, a Maivin Vision AI Starter Kit, Micro AI Vision Starter Kit,
    Silicon Vendor Development Kit or any custom embedded platform.

●   "Third-Party Services" means any services or content (including data,
    information, application and other products services) provided by a
    third-party that may be displayed, included or made available by the
    Application.

●   "You" means the individual accessing or using the Trial Software or the
    company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is
    accessing or using the Trial Software, as applicable.

Acknowledgment

By downloading or using the Trial Software, You are agreeing to be bound by the
terms and conditions of this Agreement. If You do not agree to the terms of
this Agreement, do not download or use the Trial Software.

This Agreement is a legal document between You and the Company and it governs
your use of the Trial Software made available to You by the Company.

The Trial Software is licensed, not sold, to You by the Company for use
strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

License

Scope of License

The Company grants You a revocable, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited
license to download, install and use the Trial Software strictly in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement to do the following:

●   You may only use the Trial Software on a Device that You own or control.

●   You may only use the Trial Software for evaluation in consideration of a
    purchase.

●   The license that is granted to You by the Company is solely for internal,
    non-commercial purposes.

License Restrictions

You agree not to, and You will not permit others to:

●   License, sell, rent, lease, assign, distribute, transmit, host, outsource,
    disclose, display, market or otherwise commercially exploit the Trial
    Software or make the Trial Software available to other parties.

●   Remove, alter or obscure any proprietary notice (including any notice of
    copyright or trademark) of the Company or its affiliates, partners,
    suppliers or the licensors of the Trial Software.

●   Reverse engineer, decompile or repurpose the Trial Software.

●   Use the Trial Software to develop or create external or public
    demonstrations for commercial exploitation without written consent from The
    Company.

Intellectual Property

The Trial Software, including without limitation all copyrights, patents,
trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are, and shall
remain, the sole and exclusive property of the Company.

The Company shall not be obligated to indemnify or defend You with respect to
any third party claim arising out of or relating to the Trial Software.

Modifications to the Trial Software

The Company reserves the right to modify, suspend or discontinue, temporarily
or permanently, the Trial Software or any service to which it connects, with or
without notice and without liability to You.

Updates to the Trial Software

The Company may from time to time provide enhancements or improvements to the
features/functionality of the Trial Software, which may include patches, bug
fixes, updates, upgrades and other modifications.

Updates may modify or delete certain features and/or functionalities of the
Trial Software. You agree that the Company has no obligation to (i) provide any
Updates, or (ii) continue to provide or enable any particular features and/or
functionalities of the Trial Software to You.

You further agree that all updates or any other modifications will be (i)
deemed to constitute an integral part of the Trial Software, and (ii) subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Maintenance and Support

The Company does not provide any maintenance or support for the download and
use of the Trial Software.

Term and Termination

This Agreement shall remain in effect until terminated by You or the Company.
The Company may, in its sole discretion, at any time and for any or no reason,
suspend or terminate this Agreement with or without prior notice.

This Agreement will terminate immediately, without prior notice from the
Company, in the event that you fail to comply with any provision of this
Agreement. You may also terminate this Agreement by deleting the Trial Software
and all copies thereof from your Device or from your computer.

Upon termination of this Agreement, You shall cease all use of the Trial
Software and delete all copies of the Trial Software from your Device.

Termination of this Agreement will not limit any of the Company's rights or
remedies at law or in equity in case of breach by You (during the term of this
Agreement) of any of your obligations under the present Agreement.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold the Company and its parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, officers, employees, agents, partners and licensors (if any)
harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, due to
or arising out of your: (a) use of the Trial Software; (b) violation of this
Agreement or any law or regulation; or (c) violation of any right of a third
party.

No Warranties

The Trial Software is provided to You "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and with all
faults and defects without warranty of any kind. To the maximum extent
permitted under applicable law, the Company, on its own behalf and on behalf of
its affiliates and its and their respective licensors and service providers,
expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory or
otherwise, with respect to the Trial Software, including all implied warranties
of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and
non-infringement, and warranties that may arise out of course of dealing,
course of performance, usage or trade practice. Without limitation to the
foregoing, the Company provides no warranty or undertaking, and makes no
representation of any kind that the Trial Software will meet your requirements,
achieve any intended results, be compatible or work with any other software,
Trial Software, systems or services, operate without interruption, meet any
performance or reliability standards or be error free or that any errors or
defects can or will be corrected.

Without limiting the foregoing, neither the Company nor any of the company's
provider makes any representation or warranty of any kind, express or implied:
(i) as to the operation or availability of the Trial Software, or the
information, content, and materials or products included thereon; (ii) that the
Trial Software will be uninterrupted or error-free; (iii) as to the accuracy,
reliability, or currency of any information or content provided through the
Trial Software; or (iv) that the Trial Software, its servers, the content, or
e-mails sent from or on behalf of the Company are free of viruses, scripts,
trojan horses, worms, malware, timebombs or other harmful components.

Limitation of Liability

Notwithstanding any damages that You might incur, the entire liability of the
Company and any of its suppliers under any provision of this Agreement and your
exclusive remedy for all of the foregoing shall be limited to the amount
actually paid by You for the Trial Software or through the Trial Software or
100 USD if You haven't purchased anything through the Trial Software.

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event shall the
Company or its suppliers be liable for any special, incidental, indirect, or
consequential damages whatsoever (including, but not limited to, damages for
loss of profits, loss of data or other information, for business interruption,
for personal injury, loss of privacy arising out of or in any way related to
the use of or inability to use the Trial Software, third-party software and/or
third-party hardware used with the Trial Software, or otherwise in connection
with any provision of this Agreement), even if the Company or any supplier has
been advised of the possibility of such damages and even if the remedy fails of
its essential purpose.

Severability and Waiver

Severability

If any provision of this Agreement is held to be unenforceable or invalid, such
provision will be changed and interpreted to accomplish the objectives of such
provision to the greatest extent possible under applicable law and the
remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect.

Waiver

Except as provided herein, the failure to exercise a right or to require
performance of an obligation under this Agreement shall not effect a party's
ability to exercise such right or require such performance at any time
thereafter nor shall the waiver of a breach constitute a waiver of any
subsequent breach.

Changes to this Agreement

The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace
this Agreement at any time. If a revision is material we will provide at least
30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a
material change will be determined at the sole discretion of the Company.

By continuing to access or use the Trial Software after any revisions become
effective, You agree to be bound by the revised terms. If You do not agree to
the new terms, You are no longer authorized to use the Trial Software.

Governing Law

The laws of the Country, excluding its conflicts of law rules, shall govern
this Agreement and your use of the Trial Software. Your use of the Trial
Software may also be subject to other local, state, national, or international
laws.

Entire Agreement

The Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between You and the Company
regarding your use of the Trial Software and supersedes all prior and
contemporaneous written or oral agreements between You and the Company.

You may be subject to additional terms and conditions that apply when You use
or purchase other Company's Software, which the Company will provide to You at
the time of such use or purchase.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Agreement, You can contact Us:

●   By visiting this page on our website: www.embeddedml.com
●   By sending us an email: support@au-zone.com
