.gitattributes
.gitignore
LICENSE
README.md
pyproject.toml
test.dat
text.txt
.github/workflows/docs.yml
.github/workflows/pypi.yml
.github/workflows/sheets.yml
data/csv/level_table.csv
data/csv/obj_default_color_table.csv
data/csv/object_table.csv
data/csv/prop_table.csv
data/csv/remap_table.csv
data/dat/main/CCGameManager.dat
data/dat/meltdown/CCGameManager.dat
data/dat/subzero/CCGameManager.dat
data/gmd/official/copy/Airborne Robots.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Back On Track.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Base After Base.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Blast Processing.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Cant Let Go.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Clubstep.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Clutterfunk.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Cycles.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Dash.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Deadlocked.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Dry Out.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Electrodynamix.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Electroman Adventures.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Fingerdash.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Geometrical Dominator.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Hexagon Force.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Jumper.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Nock Em.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Polargeist.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Power Trip.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Press Start.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Stereo Madness.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/The Cellar.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/The Challenge.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/The Secret Hollow.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/The Seven Seas.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/The Sewers.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/The Tower.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Theory of Everything 2.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Theory of Everything.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Time Machine.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/Viking Arena.gmd
data/gmd/official/copy/xStep.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Airborne Robots.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Back On Track.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Base After Base.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Blast Processing.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Cant Let Go.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Clubstep.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Clutterfunk.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Cycles.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Dash.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Deadlocked.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Dry Out.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Electrodynamix.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Electroman Adventures.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Fingerdash.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Geometrical Dominator.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Hexagon Force.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Jumper.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Nock Em.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Polargeist.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Power Trip.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Press Start.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Stereo Madness.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/The Cellar.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/The Challenge.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/The Secret Hollow.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/The Seven Seas.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/The Sewers.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/The Tower.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Theory of Everything 2.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Theory of Everything.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Time Machine.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/Viking Arena.gmd
data/gmd/official/original/xStep.gmd
data/gmd/online/Skeletal Shenanigans.gmd
data/json/animated_obj.json
data/json/obj_ids.json
data/json/tabs.json
data/txt/default.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/0.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/1.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/10.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/11.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/12.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/13.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/14.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/15.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/16.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/17.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/18.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/19.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/2.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/20.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/23.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/3.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/4.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/5.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/6.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/7.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/8.txt
data/txt/guideline_string/9.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/1.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/10.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/11.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/12.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/13.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/14.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/15.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/16.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/17.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/18.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/19.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/2.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/20.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/21.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/22.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/3.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/3001.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/4.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/5.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/5001.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/5002.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/5003.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/5004.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/6.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/7.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/8.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/main/9.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/meltdown/1001.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/meltdown/1002.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/meltdown/1003.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/subzero/4001.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/subzero/4002.txt
data/txt/object_string/official/subzero/4003.txt
docs/Makefile
docs/make.bat
docs/source/conf.py
docs/source/gmdkit.rst
docs/source/index.rst
examples/load_test.py
scripts/__init__.py
scripts/build_files.py
scripts/build_utils.py
scripts/compile_colors.py
scripts/compile_defaults.py
scripts/download_sheets.py
scripts/grab_official_levels.py
src/gmdkit/__init__.py
src/gmdkit.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/gmdkit.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/gmdkit.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/gmdkit.egg-info/requires.txt
src/gmdkit.egg-info/top_level.txt
src/gmdkit/casting/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/casting/color.py
src/gmdkit/casting/id_rules.py
src/gmdkit/casting/level_props.py
src/gmdkit/casting/object_props.py
src/gmdkit/constants/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/constants/game/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/constants/game/speed/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/constants/paths/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/defaults/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/defaults/color_default.py
src/gmdkit/defaults/level.py
src/gmdkit/defaults/objects.py
src/gmdkit/extra/globed.py
src/gmdkit/extra/text.py
src/gmdkit/functions/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/functions/level.py
src/gmdkit/functions/merging.py
src/gmdkit/functions/object.py
src/gmdkit/functions/object_list.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/color_id/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/color_prop/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/lvl_prop/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/lvl_prop/level/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/lvl_prop/level/editor/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/lvl_prop/level/official/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/lvl_prop/list/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/easing/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/item_label/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/item_label/alignment/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/item_label/special_id/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/level/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/level/color_1_7/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/level/color_1_7/player_color/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/old_color/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/single_color_type/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/adv_follow/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/adv_follow/init/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/adv_follow/mode/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/arrow/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/arrow/direction/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/bpm/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/bpm/speed/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/camera_edge/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/camera_edge/direction/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/effect/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/effect/enter_only/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/effect/special_center/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/enter_preset/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/enter_preset/enter_only/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/gradient/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/gradient/blending/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/gradient/layer/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/instant_count/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/instant_count/mode/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_compare/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_compare/item_op/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_compare/item_type/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_compare/round_op/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_compare/sign_op/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_edit/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_edit/item_op/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_edit/item_type/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_edit/round_op/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/item_edit/sign_op/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/keyframe/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/keyframe/spin_direction/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/keyframe/time_mode/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/move/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/move/target_axis/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/offset_camera/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/offset_camera/axis/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/offset_gameplay/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/offset_gameplay/axis/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/options/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/pickup/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/pickup/mode/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/pulse/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/pulse/target_type/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/sequence/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/sequence/mode/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/sfx/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/sfx/direction/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/sfx/reverb/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/shader/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/shader/layer/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/song/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/song/direction/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/static_camera/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/static_camera/axis/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/stop/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/stop/mode/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/teleport/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/teleport/gravity/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/touch/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/touch/mode/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/touch/only_player/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/ui/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/ui/ref_x/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/trigger/ui/ref_y/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_enum/z_layer/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/collectible/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/deprecated/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/modifier/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/orb/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/pad/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/portal/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/portal/teleport/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/speed/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/trigger/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/trigger/area/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/trigger/enter/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/trigger/enter_preset/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/trigger/old_color/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_id/trigger/shader/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/animated/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/animated/explosion/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/item_label/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/level/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/level/color_1_7/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/level/color_1_7/background/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/level/color_1_7/ground/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/level/color_1_7/line/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/level/color_1_7/object/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/level/color_1_7/object_2/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/level/color_1_9/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/particle/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/saw/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/start_pos/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/template/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/text/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/timewarp/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/adv_follow/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/adv_random/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/alpha/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/animate/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/animate_keyframe/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/arrow/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/bg_speed/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/bpm/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/camera_edge/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/camera_guide/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/camera_mode/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/change_bg/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/change_gr/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/change_mg/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/checkpoint/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/collectible/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/collectible/coin/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/collision/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/collision_block/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/color/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/count/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/dash/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/edit_adv_follow/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/effect/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/end/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/end_wall/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/enter_preset/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/event/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/follow/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/follow_player_y/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/force_block/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/gamemode_portal/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/gameplay_offset/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/gradient/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/gravity/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/instant_collision/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/instant_count/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/item_compare/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/item_edit/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/item_persist/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/keyframe/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/link_visible/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/mg_edit/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/mg_speed/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/move/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/object_control/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/offset_camera/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/offset_gameplay/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/on_death/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/options/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/orb_saw/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/pickup/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/player_control/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/pulse/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/random/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/reset/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/rotate/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/rotate_camera/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/scale/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/sequence/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/sfx/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/shader/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/shake/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/song/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/spawn/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/spawn_particle/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/state_block/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/static_camera/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/stop/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/teleport/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/teleport/exit_portal/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/teleport/portal/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/time/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/time_control/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/time_event/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/toggle/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/toggle_block/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/touch/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/ui/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/obj_prop/trigger/zoom_camera/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/smart_template/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/smart_template/prop/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/mappings/smart_template/var_prop/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/models/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/models/level.py
src/gmdkit/models/level_pack.py
src/gmdkit/models/live_editor.py
src/gmdkit/models/object.py
src/gmdkit/models/serialization.py
src/gmdkit/models/types.py
src/gmdkit/models/prop/__init__.py
src/gmdkit/models/prop/color.py
src/gmdkit/models/prop/guideline.py
src/gmdkit/models/prop/gzip.py
src/gmdkit/models/prop/hsv.py
src/gmdkit/models/prop/list.py
src/gmdkit/models/prop/particle.py
src/gmdkit/models/prop/string.py
src/gmdkit/models/save/game_manager.py
src/gmdkit/models/save/level_list.py
src/gmdkit/models/save/music_library.py
src/gmdkit/models/save/sfx_library.py
tests/object_test.py