# Part

A datatype containing media that is part of a multi-part `Content` message.   A `Part` consists of data which has an associated datatype. A `Part` can only  contain one of the accepted types in `Part.data`.   A `Part` must have a fixed IANA MIME type identifying the type and subtype  of the media if the `inline_data` field is filled with raw bytes.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**text** | **str** | Inline text. | [optional] 
**inline_data** | [**Blob**](Blob.md) | Inline media bytes. | [optional] 
**function_call** | [**FunctionCall**](FunctionCall.md) | A predicted &#x60;FunctionCall&#x60; returned from the model that contains  a string representing the &#x60;FunctionDeclaration.name&#x60; with the  arguments and their values. | [optional] 
**function_response** | [**FunctionResponse**](FunctionResponse.md) | The result output of a &#x60;FunctionCall&#x60; that contains a string  representing the &#x60;FunctionDeclaration.name&#x60; and a structured JSON  object containing any output from the function is used as context to  the model. | [optional] 
**file_data** | [**FileData**](FileData.md) | URI based data. | [optional] 
**executable_code** | [**ExecutableCode**](ExecutableCode.md) | Code generated by the model that is meant to be executed. | [optional] 
**code_execution_result** | [**CodeExecutionResult**](CodeExecutionResult.md) | Result of executing the &#x60;ExecutableCode&#x60;. | [optional] 
**video_metadata** | [**VideoMetadata**](VideoMetadata.md) | Optional. Video metadata. The metadata should only be specified while the  video data is presented in inline_data or file_data. | [optional] 
**thought** | **bool** | Optional. Indicates if the part is thought from the model. | [optional] 
**thought_signature** | **str** | Optional. An opaque signature for the thought so it can be reused in  subsequent requests. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.part import Part

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Part from a JSON string
part_instance = Part.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Part.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
part_dict = part_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Part from a dict
part_from_dict = Part.from_dict(part_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


