.codecov.yml
.coveragerc
.dockerignore
.editorconfig
.gitattributes
.gitignore
.pre-commit-config.yaml
.python-version
CHANGELOG.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
Dockerfile.server
LICENSE
PRIVACY_POLICY.md
README.md
_config.yml
pylintrc
pyproject.toml
pytest.ini
randovania.spec
renovate.json
setup.cfg
setup.py
uv.lock
.github/dependabot.yml
.github/linux_apt_dependencies.txt
.github/workflows/benchmark.yml
.github/workflows/build-test-publish.yml
.github/workflows/daily-generate.yml
.github/workflows/linter.yml
.github/workflows/trick-documentation-report.yml
.github/workflows/uic.yml
.idea/.name
.idea/encodings.xml
.idea/markdown-navigator.xml
.idea/modules.xml
.idea/vcs.xml
.idea/markdown-navigator/profiles_settings.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Bot.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Create_Permalink.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Create_Release.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Distribute.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/GUI.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Regenerate_UI_files.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Server.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Tests__All_.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Tests__No_Gen_.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Tests_with_Windows_executable.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Validate.xml
.idea/runConfigurations/Validate_Prime_Vanilla.xml
.vscode/extensions.json
.vscode/launch.json
.vscode/settings.json
.vscode/tasks.json
docs/Database Editor.md
docs/Database Format.md
docs/Glossary.md
docs/Hints.md
docs/Migrations.md
docs/New Game.md
docs/Profiling.md
docs/Release Process.md
docs/img/adding_extra_nodes.png
docs/img/redundant_mesh.png
docs/img/source_dest.png
docs/img/world_area_node.png
randovania/__init__.py
randovania/__main__.py
randovania/version.py
randovania/version_hash.py
randovania.egg-info/PKG-INFO
randovania.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
randovania.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
randovania.egg-info/entry_points.txt
randovania.egg-info/requires.txt
randovania.egg-info/top_level.txt
randovania/bitpacking/__init__.py
randovania/bitpacking/bitpacking.py
randovania/bitpacking/construct_pack.py
randovania/bitpacking/json_dataclass.py
randovania/bitpacking/type_enforcement.py
randovania/cli/__init__.py
randovania/cli/analyze.py
randovania/cli/cli_lib.py
randovania/cli/database.py
randovania/cli/development.py
randovania/cli/gui.py
randovania/cli/layout.py
randovania/cli/server.py
randovania/cli/commands/__init__.py
randovania/cli/commands/batch_distribute.py
randovania/cli/commands/benchmark.py
randovania/cli/commands/decribe_layout.py
randovania/cli/commands/export_db_videos.py
randovania/cli/commands/export_game.py
randovania/cli/commands/generate.py
randovania/cli/commands/hash_input.py
randovania/cli/commands/new_game.py
randovania/cli/commands/patcher_data.py
randovania/cli/commands/permalink.py
randovania/cli/commands/refresh_presets.py
randovania/cli/commands/render_regions.py
randovania/cli/commands/validate.py
randovania/cli/commands/website.py
randovania/data/.gitignore
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/.gitignore
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/EchoesMenu-readme.txt
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/EchoesMenu.exe
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/Randomizer.exe
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/RandomizerData.json
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/liblzo2.dylib
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/liblzo2.so
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/lzo2.dll
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/readme.txt
randovania/data/ClarisPrimeRandomizer/zlib1.dll
randovania/data/binary_data/.gitignore
randovania/data/binary_data/CREDITS.txt
randovania/data/dotnet_runtime/.gitignore
randovania/data/gui_assets/database-example.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/database-open.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/echoes_elevator_map.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker-open.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/common/banner.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/common/multiworld.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/am2r-game-3x7.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/am2r-game-4x5.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/am2r-game-weekly.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/blank.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/cave-story.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/dread-game-four-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/dread-game-progressive.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/dread-game.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-game-eight-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-game-three-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-game-two-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-game.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-pixel-eight-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-pixel-three-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-pixel-tournament.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-pixel-two-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime1-pixel.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-debug.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-game-eight-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-game-three-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-game-two-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-game.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-pixel-eight-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-pixel-three-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-pixel-tournament.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-pixel-two-lines.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/prime2-pixel.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/samus-returns-game-progressive.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/samus-returns-game.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/trackers.json
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/CC-BY-SA-4.0-License.txt
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/charge_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/credits.txt
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/dna.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/energy_tank.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/gravity_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/hi_jump_boots.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/ice_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/missile_launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/morph_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/morph_ball_bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/pb_launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/plasma_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/power_bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/power_grip.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/screw_attack.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/sm_launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/space_jump.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/spazer_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/speed_booster.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/spider_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/spring_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/super_missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/varia_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/am2r/wave_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/blank/Ammo.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/blank/Blue Key.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/blank/Explosive.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/blank/No Ammo.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/blank/Shiny Ammo.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/blank/Victory Key.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/blank/Weapon.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/airtank.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/alienmedal.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/armsbarrier.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/arthurskey.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/arthurskeyused.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/booster1.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/booster2.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/brokensprinkler.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/charcoal.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/chest.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/chestopen.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/claymedal.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/clinickey.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/clinickeyused.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/controller.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/cureall.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/cureallused.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/eventcore.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/eventcurly.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/eventkazuma.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/eventsue.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/eventtoroko.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/gumbase.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/gumkey.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/gumkeyused.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/idcard.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/ironbond.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/juice.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/lewds.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/lewdslipstick.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/lewdspanties.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/lifepot.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/lifepotused.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/lipstick.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/mapignon.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/mapignonfed.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/mapsystem.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/medals.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/medalsalien.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/mimigamask.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/mrlittle.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/mrlittlehome.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/mushroombadge.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/nikumaru.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/none.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/panties.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/puppy.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/puppy0.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/puppy1.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/puppy2.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/puppy3.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/puppy4.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/puppy5.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/rustykey.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/rustykeyused.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/santaskey.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/santaskeyused.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/silverlocket.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/silverlockettoroko.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/sprinkler.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/suesletter.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/teleportkey.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/teleportkeyused.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/towrope.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/turbocharge.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/whimsical.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/balfrog.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/balrog1.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/balrog2.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/balrog3.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/core.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/curly.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/final.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/igor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/ironhead.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/mapignon.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/monsterx.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/omega.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/puublack.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/reddemon.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/sisters.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/boss/toroko.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/blade.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/bubbler.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/fireball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/machinegun.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/missilelauncher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/nemesis.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/polarstar.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/snake.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/spur.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/cave_story/weapons/supermissilelauncher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Charge Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Cross Bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/DNA.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Diffusion Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Flash Shift.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Grapple Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Gravity Suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Ice Missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Morph Ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Phantom Cloak.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Plasma Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Power Bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Progressive Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Progressive Bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Progressive Charge.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Progressive Missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Progressive Spin.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Progressive Suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Pulse Radar.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Screw Attack.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Space Jump.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Speed Booster.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Spider Magnet.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Spin Boost.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Storm Missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Super Missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Varia Suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Wave Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/dread/Wide Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/artifact.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/boost_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/charge_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/combat_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/flamethrower.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/grapple_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/gravity_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/ice_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/ice_spreader.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/missile_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/morph_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/morph_ball_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/phazon_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/plasma_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/power_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/power_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/scan_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/space_jump_boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/spider_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/super_missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/thermal_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/varia_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/wave_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/wavebuster.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp1/x-ray_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/Boost_Ball_alt.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/amber_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/annihilator_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/beam_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/boost_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/charge_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/cobalt_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/combat_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_agon_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_agon_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_torvus_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_torvus_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/dark_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/darkburst.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/echo_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/emerald_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/energy_tank.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/energy_transfer_module.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/grapple_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/gravity_boost.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/ing_hive_key-recolored.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/ing_hive_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/light_ammo_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/light_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/light_suit.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/missile_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/missile_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/morph_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/morph_ball_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/power_beam.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/power_bomb.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/power_bomb_expansion.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/scan_visor.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/screw_attack.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/seeker_launcher.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/sky_temple_key.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/sonic_boom.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/space_jump_boots.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/spider_ball.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/spider_ball_alt.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/sunburst.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/super_missile.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/mp2/violet_translator.gif
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Aeion Reserve Tank.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Baby.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Beam Burst.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Charge Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/DNA.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Energy Reserve Tank.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Grapple Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Gravity Suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/High Jump Boots.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Ice Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Lightning Armor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Missile Launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Missile Reserve Tank.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Morph Ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Phase Drift.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Plasma Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Power Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Power Bomb Launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Scan Pulse.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Screw Attack.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Space Jump.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Spazer Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Spider Ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Spring Ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Super Missile Launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Varia Suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/game-images/samus_returns/Wave Beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/artifact.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/boost_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/boost_ball_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/charge_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/combat_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/combat_visor_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/energy_tank.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/flamethrower.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/grapple_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/gravity_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/ice_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/ice_spreader.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/missile_launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/morph_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/morph_ball_bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/phazon_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/plasma_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/power_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/power_bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/scan_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/scan_visor_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/space_jump_boots.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/spider_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/super_missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/thermal_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/thermal_visor_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/varia_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/wave_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/wavebuster.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/x-ray_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp1/x-ray_visor_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/amber_translator.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/amber_translator_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/annihilator_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/beam_ammo_expansion.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/boost_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/boost_ball_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/charge_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/cobalt_translator.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/cobalt_translator_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/combat_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/combat_visor_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_agon_key-recolored.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_agon_key.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_ammo_expansion.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_torvus_key-recolored.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_torvus_key.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/dark_visor_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/darkburst.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/echo_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/echo_visor_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/emerald_translator.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/emerald_translator_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/energy_tank.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/energy_transfer_module.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/grapple_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/gravity_boost.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/ing_hive_key-recolored.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/ing_hive_key.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/light_ammo_expansion.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/light_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/light_suit.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/missile_expansion.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/missile_launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/morph_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/morph_ball_bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/power_beam.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/power_beam_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/power_bomb.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/power_bomb_expansion.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/scan_visor.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/scan_visor_alt.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/screw_attack.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/seeker_launcher.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/sky_temple_key.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/sonic_boom.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/space_jump_boots.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/spider_ball.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/sunburst.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/super_missile.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/violet_translator.png
randovania/data/gui_assets/tracker/pixel-icons/mp2/violet_translator_alt.png
randovania/data/icons/rdv_logo_blue.ico
randovania/data/icons/rdv_logo_red.ico
randovania/data/nintendont/.gitignore
randovania/data/xdg_assets/README.md
randovania/data/xdg_assets/io.github.randovania.Randovania.desktop
randovania/data/xdg_assets/io.github.randovania.Randovania.png
randovania/discord_bot/__init__.py
randovania/discord_bot/bot.py
randovania/discord_bot/database_command.py
randovania/discord_bot/faq_command.py
randovania/discord_bot/preset_lookup.py
randovania/discord_bot/randovania_cog.py
randovania/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/exporter/item_names.py
randovania/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/exporter/pickup_exporter.py
randovania/exporter/hints/__init__.py
randovania/exporter/hints/basic_hint_formatters.py
randovania/exporter/hints/credits_spoiler.py
randovania/exporter/hints/determiner.py
randovania/exporter/hints/guaranteed_item_hint.py
randovania/exporter/hints/hint_exporter.py
randovania/exporter/hints/hint_formatters.py
randovania/exporter/hints/hint_namer.py
randovania/exporter/hints/joke_hints.py
randovania/exporter/hints/pickup_hint.py
randovania/exporter/hints/relative_item_formatter.py
randovania/exporter/hints/temple_key_hint.py
randovania/game/__init__.py
randovania/game/data.py
randovania/game/development_state.py
randovania/game/game_enum.py
randovania/game/generator.py
randovania/game/gui.py
randovania/game/hints.py
randovania/game/layout.py
randovania/game/web_info.py
randovania/game_connection/__init__.py
randovania/game_connection/connector_builder_choice.py
randovania/game_connection/game_connection.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/__init__.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/am2r_connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/connector_builder_option.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/cs_connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/debug_connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/dolphin_connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/dread_connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/msr_connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/nintendont_connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/builder/prime_connector_builder.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/__init__.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/am2r_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/cs_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/debug_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/dread_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/echoes_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/mercury_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/msr_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/prime1_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/prime_remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/connector/remote_connector.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/__init__.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/am2r_executor.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/common_socket_holder.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/cs_executor.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/dolphin_executor.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/dread_executor.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/executor_to_connector_signals.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/memory_operation.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/msr_executor.py
randovania/game_connection/executor/nintendont_executor.py
randovania/game_description/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/assignment.py
randovania/game_description/data_reader.py
randovania/game_description/data_writer.py
randovania/game_description/default_database.py
randovania/game_description/derived_nodes.py
randovania/game_description/editor.py
randovania/game_description/filtered_game_database_view.py
randovania/game_description/game_database_view.py
randovania/game_description/game_description.py
randovania/game_description/game_migration.py
randovania/game_description/game_patches.py
randovania/game_description/hint.py
randovania/game_description/hint_features.py
randovania/game_description/integrity_check.py
randovania/game_description/migration_data.py
randovania/game_description/node_search.py
randovania/game_description/pretty_print.py
randovania/game_description/trick_documentation.py
randovania/game_description/db/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/db/area.py
randovania/game_description/db/area_identifier.py
randovania/game_description/db/configurable_node.py
randovania/game_description/db/dock.py
randovania/game_description/db/dock_lock_node.py
randovania/game_description/db/dock_node.py
randovania/game_description/db/event_node.py
randovania/game_description/db/event_pickup.py
randovania/game_description/db/hint_node.py
randovania/game_description/db/node.py
randovania/game_description/db/node_identifier.py
randovania/game_description/db/node_provider.py
randovania/game_description/db/pickup_node.py
randovania/game_description/db/region.py
randovania/game_description/db/region_list.py
randovania/game_description/db/resource_node.py
randovania/game_description/db/teleporter_network_node.py
randovania/game_description/pickup/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/pickup/pickup_database.py
randovania/game_description/pickup/pickup_entry.py
randovania/game_description/pickup/pickup_migration.py
randovania/game_description/pickup/pickup_definition/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/pickup/pickup_definition/ammo_pickup.py
randovania/game_description/pickup/pickup_definition/base_pickup.py
randovania/game_description/pickup/pickup_definition/standard_pickup.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/array_base.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/base.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/fast_as_set.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/node_requirement.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/requirement_and.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/requirement_list.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/requirement_or.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/requirement_set.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/requirement_template.py
randovania/game_description/requirements/resource_requirement.py
randovania/game_description/resources/__init__.py
randovania/game_description/resources/damage_reduction.py
randovania/game_description/resources/inventory.py
randovania/game_description/resources/item_resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/resources/location_category.py
randovania/game_description/resources/node_resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/resources/pickup_index.py
randovania/game_description/resources/resource_collection.py
randovania/game_description/resources/resource_database.py
randovania/game_description/resources/resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/resources/resource_type.py
randovania/game_description/resources/search.py
randovania/game_description/resources/simple_resource_info.py
randovania/game_description/resources/trick_resource_info.py
randovania/games/__init__.py
randovania/games/binary_data.py
randovania/games/default_data.py
randovania/games/am2r/__init__.py
randovania/games/am2r/db_integrity.py
randovania/games/am2r/game_data.py
randovania/games/am2r/hash_words.py
randovania/games/am2r/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h02a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h03a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h03b.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h04b.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h04c.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h04d.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h07A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h09A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h10a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h10b.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h15.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h16.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h17.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h17a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h17b.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h17c.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h17d.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h17e.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h18.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h19.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h20.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h21.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h22.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h23.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h24.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h25.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h26.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h27.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h28.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h29.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h30.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h30a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h31.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h32.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h33.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h34.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a0h35.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1a12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1b01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1b02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1b03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1b04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1b05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a1h10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a01A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a02A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a02B.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a06A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a11A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a15.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a16.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a17.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a18.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2a19.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2c10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2h01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2h02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a2h03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a15.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a16.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a17.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a18.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a19.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a20.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a21.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a22.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a23.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a23a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a24.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a25.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a26.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3a27.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3b12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a3h09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4a14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4b01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4b02a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4b02b.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h15.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a4h16.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5a09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b03a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b15.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b16.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b17.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b20.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b21.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5b22.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c15.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c16.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c17.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c18.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c19.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c20.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c21.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c22.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c23.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c24.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c25.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c26.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c27.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c28.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c29.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c30.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c31.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c32.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5c33.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5h01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5h02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5h03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5h04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a5h05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a09A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a09B.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a09C.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a10B.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a15.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a16.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a17.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6a18.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b15.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b16.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a6b17.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a07a.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7a08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b01A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b02A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b03A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b03B.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b04A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b06A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b08A.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b09.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7b11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7c01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7c02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7c03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7c04.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a7c05.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a02.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a03.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a06.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a07.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a08.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a10.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a11.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a12.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a13.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8a14.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8h00.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8h01.png
randovania/games/am2r/assets/maps/rm_a8h02.png
randovania/games/am2r/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/am2r/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/am2r/exporter/joke_hints.py
randovania/games/am2r/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/am2r/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/am2r/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/am2r/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/am2r/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/am2r/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/am2r/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/am2r_game_tab.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/am2r_teleporter_details_tab.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/dialog/cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/am2r_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/am2r_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/games_tab_am2r_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/preset_am2r_chaos_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/preset_am2r_gameplay_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/preset_am2r_goal_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/preset_am2r_hints_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/preset_am2r_room_design_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/generated/preset_teleporters_am2r_ui.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/am2r_chaos_tab.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/am2r_dock_tab.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/am2r_gameplay_tab.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/am2r_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/am2r_room_design_tab.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/am2r_starting_area.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/am2r_teleporters_tab.py
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/am2r_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/am2r_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/games_tab_am2r_widget.ui
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/preset_am2r_chaos.ui
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/preset_am2r_gameplay.ui
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/preset_am2r_goal.ui
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/preset_am2r_hints.ui
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/preset_am2r_room_design.ui
randovania/games/am2r/gui/ui_files/preset_teleporters_am2r.ui
randovania/games/am2r/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/am2r/layout/am2r_configuration.py
randovania/games/am2r/layout/am2r_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/am2r/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/am2r/layout/progressive_items.py
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Distribution Center.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Distribution Center.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/GFS Thoth.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/GFS Thoth.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Genetics Laboratory.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Genetics Laboratory.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Golden Temple.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Golden Temple.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Hydro Station.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Hydro Station.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Industrial Complex.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Industrial Complex.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Main Caves.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/Main Caves.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/The Depths.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/The Depths.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/The Tower.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/The Tower.txt
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/am2r/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/am2r/pickup_database/model_data.json
randovania/games/am2r/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/am2r/pickup_database/text_data.json
randovania/games/am2r/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/blank/__init__.py
randovania/games/blank/game_data.py
randovania/games/blank/hash_words.py
randovania/games/blank/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/blank/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/blank/assets/maps/Orange.png
randovania/games/blank/assets/maps/Square.png
randovania/games/blank/assets/maps/Starting Area.png
randovania/games/blank/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/blank/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/blank/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/blank/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/blank/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/blank/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/blank/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/blank/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/blank/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/blank/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/blank_game_tab.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/dialog/cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/generated/blank_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/generated/games_tab_blank_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/preset_settings/blank_patches_tab.py
randovania/games/blank/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/blank/gui/ui_files/blank_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/blank/gui/ui_files/games_tab_blank_widget.ui
randovania/games/blank/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/blank/layout/blank_configuration.py
randovania/games/blank/layout/blank_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/blank/layout/progressive_items.py
randovania/games/blank/logic_database/Intro.json
randovania/games/blank/logic_database/Intro.txt
randovania/games/blank/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/blank/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/blank/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/blank/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/cave_story/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/game_data.py
randovania/games/cave_story/hash_words.py
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Alien Medal.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Arms Barrier.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Arthur's Key.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Beast Fang.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Booster 0.8.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Booster 2.0.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Broken Sprinkler.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Chaco's Lipstick.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Chaco.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Charcoal.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Clay Figure Medal.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Clinic Key.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Controller.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Cure-All.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Curly's Air Tank.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Curly's Panties.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Curly.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Custom.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Explosive.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Frog.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Gum Base.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Gum Key.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/ID Card.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Iron Bond.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Jellyfish Juice.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Kanpachi.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/King.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Life Capsule.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Life Pot.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Little Man.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Ma Pignon.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Map System.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Mimiga Mask.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Misery.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Mushroom Badge.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Nikumaru Counter.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Puppy.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Quote.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Random.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Rusty Key.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Santa's Key.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Silver Locket.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Sprinkler.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Sue's Letter.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Sue.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Teleporter Room Key.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Toroko.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Tow Rope.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Turbocharge.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/icon/Whimsical Star.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Almond.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Ballo1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Barr.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Blcny1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Blcny2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Cave.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Cemet.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Cent.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/CentW.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Chako.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Clock.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Comu.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Cthu.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Cthu2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Curly.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/CurlyS.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Dark.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Drain.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/EgEnd1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/EgEnd2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Egg1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Egg6.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/EggR.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/EggR2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/EggX.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/EggX2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Eggs.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Eggs2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Frog.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Gard.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Hell1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Hell2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Hell3.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Hell4.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Itoh.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Jail1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Jail2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Jenka2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Little.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Lounge.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Malco.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Mapi.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeA.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeB.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeD.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeH.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeI.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeM.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeO.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeS.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MazeW.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/MiBox.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Mimi.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Momo.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Oside.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Ostep.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Pens1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Pixel.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Plant.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Pole.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Pool.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Prefa1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Prefa2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Priso1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Priso2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Ring1.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Ring2.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Ring3.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/River.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Sand.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Santa.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Shelt.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Start.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Statue.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Stream.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/Weed.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/WeedB.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/WeedD.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/maps/WeedS.png
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/Chaco.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/Curly.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/Frog.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/Kanpachi.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/King.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/Misery.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/Quote.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/Sue.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/Toroko.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/Chaco.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/Curly.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/Frog.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/Kanpachi.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/King.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/Misery.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/Quote.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/Sue.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/assets/mychar/2x/Toroko.bmp
randovania/games/cave_story/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/cave_story/exporter/hint_exporter.py
randovania/games/cave_story/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/cave_story/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/cave_story/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/cave_story/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/cave_story/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/cave_story/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/cs_game_tab.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/dialog/cs_connector_prompt_dialog.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/dialog/cs_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/generated/cs_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/generated/cs_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/generated/games_tab_cavestory_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/generated/preset_cs_hp_ui.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/generated/preset_cs_objective_ui.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/preset_settings/cs_generation_tab.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/preset_settings/cs_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/preset_settings/cs_hp_tab.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/preset_settings/cs_item_pool_tab.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/preset_settings/cs_starting_area_tab.py
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/ui_files/cs_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/ui_files/cs_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/ui_files/games_tab_cavestory_widget.ui
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/ui_files/preset_cs_hp.ui
randovania/games/cave_story/gui/ui_files/preset_cs_objective.ui
randovania/games/cave_story/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/layout/cs_configuration.py
randovania/games/cave_story/layout/cs_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/cave_story/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/cave_story/layout/progressive_items.py
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Egg Corridor.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Egg Corridor.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Grasstown.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Grasstown.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Labyrinth.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Labyrinth.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Last Cave.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Last Cave.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Mimiga Village.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Mimiga Village.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Outer Wall.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Outer Wall.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Plantation.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Plantation.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Ruined Egg Corridor.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Ruined Egg Corridor.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Sacred Grounds.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Sacred Grounds.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Sand Zone.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/Sand Zone.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/cave_story/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/cave_story/patcher/__init__.py
randovania/games/cave_story/patcher/caver_music_shuffle.py
randovania/games/cave_story/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/cave_story/presets/classic.rdvpreset
randovania/games/cave_story/presets/multiworld-starter-preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/cave_story/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/common/__init__.py
randovania/games/common/dotnet.py
randovania/games/common/elevators.py
randovania/games/common/prime_family/__init__.py
randovania/games/common/prime_family/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/common/prime_family/exporter/good_hashes.py
randovania/games/common/prime_family/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/common/prime_family/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/common/prime_family/gui/export_validator.py
randovania/games/common/prime_family/gui/prime_trilogy_teleporter_details_tab.py
randovania/games/common/prime_family/layout/lib/prime_trilogy_teleporters.py
randovania/games/dread/__init__.py
randovania/games/dread/game_data.py
randovania/games/dread/hash_words.py
randovania/games/dread/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/dread/assets/lua/bootstrap_locations.lua
randovania/games/dread/assets/lua/bootstrap_part_0.lua
randovania/games/dread/assets/lua/bootstrap_part_1.lua
randovania/games/dread/assets/lua/bootstrap_part_2.lua
randovania/games/dread/assets/lua/bootstrap_part_3.lua
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Artaria.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Burenia.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Cataris.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Dairon.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Elun.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Ferenia.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Ghavoran.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Hanubia.png
randovania/games/dread/assets/maps/Itorash.png
randovania/games/dread/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/dread/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/dread/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/dread/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/dread/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/dread/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/dread/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/dread/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/dread/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/dread/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/dread_game_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/dread_teleporter_details_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/dialog/dread_connector_prompt_dialog.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/dialog/dread_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/dread_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/dread_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/games_tab_dread_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/preset_dread_chaos_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/preset_dread_energy_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/preset_dread_goal_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/preset_dread_lights_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/preset_dread_patches_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/generated/preset_teleporters_dread_ui.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/dread_energy_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/dread_generation_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/dread_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/dread_item_pool_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/dread_lights_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/dread_patches_chaos.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/dread_patches_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/dread_teleporters_tab.py
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/dread_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/dread_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/games_tab_dread_widget.ui
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/preset_dread_chaos.ui
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/preset_dread_energy.ui
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/preset_dread_goal.ui
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/preset_dread_lights.ui
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/preset_dread_patches.ui
randovania/games/dread/gui/ui_files/preset_teleporters_dread.ui
randovania/games/dread/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/dread/layout/dread_configuration.py
randovania/games/dread/layout/dread_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/dread/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/dread/layout/progressive_items.py
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Artaria.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Artaria.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Burenia.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Burenia.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Cataris.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Cataris.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Dairon.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Dairon.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Elun.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Elun.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Ferenia.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Ferenia.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Ghavoran.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Ghavoran.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Hanubia.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Hanubia.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Itorash.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/Itorash.txt
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/dread/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/dread/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/dread/presets/april_fools_2023.rdvpreset
randovania/games/dread/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/factorio/README.md
randovania/games/factorio/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/game_data.py
randovania/games/factorio/hash_words.py
randovania/games/factorio/importer_util.py
randovania/games/factorio/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/factorio/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/factorio/assets/recipes-raw.json
randovania/games/factorio/assets/techs-raw.json
randovania/games/factorio/data_importer/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/data_importer/data_parser.py
randovania/games/factorio/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/factorio/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/factorio/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/factorio/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/factorio/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/factorio/generator/item_cost.py
randovania/games/factorio/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/factorio/generator/recipes.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/factorio_game_tab.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/generated/factorio_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/generated/games_tab_factorio_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/generated/preset_factorio_patches_ui.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/preset_settings/factorio_patches_tab.py
randovania/games/factorio/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/factorio/gui/ui_files/factorio_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/factorio/gui/ui_files/games_tab_factorio_widget.ui
randovania/games/factorio/gui/ui_files/preset_factorio_patches.ui
randovania/games/factorio/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/factorio/layout/factorio_configuration.py
randovania/games/factorio/layout/factorio_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/factorio/layout/factorio_preset_describer.py
randovania/games/factorio/logic_database/Tech.json
randovania/games/factorio/logic_database/Tech.txt
randovania/games/factorio/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/factorio/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/factorio/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/factorio/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/fusion/__init__.py
randovania/games/fusion/db_integrity.py
randovania/games/fusion/game_data.py
randovania/games/fusion/hash_words.py
randovania/games/fusion/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck0.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck10.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck11.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck12.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck13.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck14.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck15.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck16.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck17.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck18.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck20.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck21.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck22.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck23.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck24.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck25.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck26.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck27.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck28.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck29.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck3.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck30.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck32.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck33.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck34.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck35.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck37.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck38.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck39.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck40.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck42.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck44.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck45.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck46.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck47.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck48.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck49.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck5.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck50.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck51.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck52.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck54.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck55.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck56.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck57.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck58.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck6.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck60.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck61.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck62.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck64.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck65.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck66.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck67.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck69.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck7.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck70.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck71.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck72.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck73.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck75.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck76.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck8.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck81.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck82.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck84.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck86.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Main Deck9.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 10.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 11.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 110.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 111.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 112.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 113.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 114.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 115.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 116.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 117.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 118.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 119.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 12.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 120.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 121.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 122.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 123.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 124.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 125.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 126.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 127.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 128.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 129.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 13.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 130.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 131.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 132.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 133.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 134.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 135.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 136.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 137.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 138.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 139.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 14.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 140.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 141.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 142.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 143.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 144.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 145.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 146.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 147.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 148.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 149.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 15.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 150.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 151.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 152.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 16.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 17.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 18.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 19.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 20.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 21.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 210.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 211.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 212.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 213.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 214.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 215.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 216.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 217.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 218.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 219.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 22.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 220.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 221.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 222.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 223.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 224.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 225.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 226.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 227.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 228.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 229.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 23.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 231.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 232.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 233.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 237.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 238.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 239.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 24.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 240.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 241.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 242.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 243.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 247.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 248.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 249.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 25.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 250.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 252.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 253.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 254.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 255.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 256.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 257.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 259.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 26.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 27.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 28.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 29.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 30.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 31.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 310.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 311.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 312.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 313.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 314.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 315.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 316.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 317.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 319.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 32.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 320.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 321.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 322.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 323.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 325.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 326.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 327.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 328.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 33.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 330.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 331.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 332.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 333.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 334.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 335.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 336.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 337.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 338.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 34.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 35.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 36.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 38.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 39.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 40.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 41.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 410.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 411.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 412.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 413.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 414.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 415.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 416.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 417.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 418.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 419.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 42.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 420.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 421.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 422.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 423.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 424.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 425.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 426.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 427.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 428.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 429.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 43.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 430.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 431.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 432.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 433.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 434.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 435.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 436.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 437.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 438.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 439.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 44.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 440.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 441.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 442.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 443.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 444.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 445.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 446.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 447.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 45.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 46.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 47.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 48.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 49.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 50.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 51.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 510.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 511.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 512.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 513.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 514.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 516.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 517.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 518.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 519.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 52.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 520.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 522.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 523.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 524.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 525.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 526.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 527.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 528.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 529.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 53.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 530.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 531.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 532.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 533.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 534.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 535.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 536.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 537.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 538.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 539.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 54.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 541.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 542.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 543.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 545.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 546.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 547.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 548.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 549.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 55.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 550.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 551.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 57.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 58.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 59.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 60.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 61.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 610.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 611.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 612.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 613.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 614.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 615.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 616.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 617.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 618.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 619.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 62.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 620.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 621.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 622.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 623.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 624.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 625.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 626.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 627.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 628.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 629.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 63.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 630.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 631.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 632.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 633.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 634.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 635.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 636.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 637.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 638.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 639.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 64.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 640.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 65.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 66.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 67.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 68.png
randovania/games/fusion/assets/maps/Sector 69.png
randovania/games/fusion/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/fusion/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/fusion/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/fusion/exporter/joke_hints.py
randovania/games/fusion/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/fusion/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/fusion/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/fusion/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/fusion/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/fusion/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/fusion/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/fusion_game_tab.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/dialog/cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/generated/fusion_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/generated/fusion_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/generated/games_tab_fusion_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/generated/preset_fusion_goal_ui.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/generated/preset_fusion_hints_ui.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/generated/preset_fusion_patches_ui.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/preset_settings/fusion_dock_tab.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/preset_settings/fusion_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/preset_settings/fusion_patches_tab.py
randovania/games/fusion/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/fusion/gui/ui_files/fusion_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/fusion/gui/ui_files/fusion_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/fusion/gui/ui_files/games_tab_fusion_widget.ui
randovania/games/fusion/gui/ui_files/preset_fusion_goal.ui
randovania/games/fusion/gui/ui_files/preset_fusion_hints.ui
randovania/games/fusion/gui/ui_files/preset_fusion_patches.ui
randovania/games/fusion/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/fusion/layout/fusion_configuration.py
randovania/games/fusion/layout/fusion_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/fusion/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Main Deck.json
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Main Deck.txt
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 1 SRX.json
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 1 SRX.txt
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 2 TRO.json
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 2 TRO.txt
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 3 PYR.json
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 3 PYR.txt
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 4 AQA.json
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 4 AQA.txt
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 5 ARC.json
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 5 ARC.txt
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 6 NOC.json
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/Sector 6 NOC.txt
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/fusion/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/fusion/pickup_database/memo_data.json
randovania/games/fusion/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/fusion/presets/open_sector_hub.rdvpreset
randovania/games/fusion/presets/vanilla_start.rdvpreset
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/__init__.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/game_data.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/hash_words.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x104_y260.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x104_y65.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x112_y22.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x128_y202.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x136_y67.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x168_y112.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x184_y96.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x200_y90.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x232_y20.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x240_y97.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x256_y37.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x272_y157.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x272_y22.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x280_y113.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x296_y127.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x312_y30.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x312_y97.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x320_y127.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x344_y113.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x344_y155.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x392_y37.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x392_y67.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x40_y22.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x432_y67.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x464_y97.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x472_y67.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x47_y202.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x56_y22.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Brinstar/x88_y233.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x104_y337.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x120_y262.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x120_y382.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x120_y427.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x136_y307.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x136_y323.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x136_y386.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x136_y412.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x136_y427.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x144_y247.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x144_y262.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x144_y277.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x144_y352.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x152_y397.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x152_y412.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x159_y367.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x160_y427.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x168_y277.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x168_y401.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x184_y390.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x24_y397.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x40_y405.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x56_y307.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x56_y322.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x56_y366.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x80_y352.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x80_y382.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x88_y397.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x88_y412.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Kraid/x8_y352.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x200_y210.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x200_y269.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x232_y232.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x232_y292.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x240_y217.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x240_y247.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x240_y262.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x256_y232.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x264_y307.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x272_y202.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x280_y247.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x280_y307.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x296_y292.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x296_y322.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x304_y307.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x312_y247.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x328_y300.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x344_y195.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x344_y246.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x368_y262.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x375_y217.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x376_y157.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x376_y315.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x392_y247.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x392_y292.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x392_y321.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x400_y172.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x408_y202.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x423_y277.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x424_y142.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x424_y307.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x431_y157.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x440_y172.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x448_y247.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x456_y270.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Norfair/x472_y225.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x216_y404.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x240_y367.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x240_y397.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x240_y427.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x264_y382.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x264_y427.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x304_y397.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x304_y427.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x311_y352.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x312_y367.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x344_y412.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x344_y442.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x360_y359.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x368_y397.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x376_y367.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x392_y360.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x408_y427.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x424_y397.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x432_y367.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Ridley/x472_y404.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Tourian/x104_y157.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Tourian/x152_y127.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Tourian/x40_y157.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Tourian/x40_y75.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Tourian/x8_y97.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/assets/maps/Tourian/x96_y97.png
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/planets_zebeth_game_tab.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/dialog/cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/generated/games_tab_planets_zebeth_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/generated/planets_zebeth_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/generated/planets_zebeth_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/generated/preset_planets_zebeth_goal_ui.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/preset_settings/planets_zebeth_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/preset_settings/planets_zebeth_patches_tab.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/ui_files/games_tab_planets_zebeth_widget.ui
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/ui_files/planets_zebeth_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/ui_files/planets_zebeth_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/gui/ui_files/preset_planets_zebeth_goal.ui
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/layout/planets_zebeth_configuration.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/layout/planets_zebeth_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Brinstar.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Brinstar.txt
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Kraid.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Kraid.txt
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Norfair.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Norfair.txt
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Ridley.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Ridley.txt
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Tourian.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/Tourian.txt
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/pickup_database/item_data.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/planets_zebeth/presets/starter_preset_shuffle_keys.rdvpreset
randovania/games/prime1/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/db_integrity.py
randovania/games/prime1/game_data.py
randovania/games/prime1/hash_words.py
randovania/games/prime1/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/prime1/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/prime1/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/prime1/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/prime1/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/prime1/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/prime1/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/prime1/exporter/vanilla_maze_seeds.py
randovania/games/prime1/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/prime1/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/prime1/generator/item_pool/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/generator/pickup_pool/artifacts.py
randovania/games/prime1/generator/pickup_pool/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/prime_game_tab.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/dialog/prime_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/games_tab_prime_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/preset_prime_chaos_ui.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/preset_prime_enemy_stat_randomizer_ui.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/preset_prime_goal_ui.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/preset_prime_qol_ui.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/preset_teleporters_prime1_ui.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/prime_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/generated/prime_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/prime_dock_rando_tab.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/prime_enemy_stat_randomizer.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/prime_generation_tab.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/prime_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/prime_patches_chaos.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/prime_patches_qol.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/prime_teleporters_tab.py
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/games_tab_prime_widget.ui
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/preset_prime_chaos.ui
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/preset_prime_enemy_stat_randomizer.ui
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/preset_prime_goal.ui
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/preset_prime_qol.ui
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/preset_teleporters_prime1.ui
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/prime_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/prime1/gui/ui_files/prime_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/prime1/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/layout/artifact_mode.py
randovania/games/prime1/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/prime1/layout/prime_configuration.py
randovania/games/prime1/layout/prime_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/prime1/layout/prime_user_preferences.py
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Chozo Ruins.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Chozo Ruins.txt
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/End of Game.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/End of Game.txt
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Frigate Orpheon.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Frigate Orpheon.txt
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Impact Crater.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Impact Crater.txt
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Magmoor Caverns.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Magmoor Caverns.txt
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Phazon Mines.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Phazon Mines.txt
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Phendrana Drifts.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Phendrana Drifts.txt
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Tallon Overworld.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/Tallon Overworld.txt
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/prime1/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/prime1/patcher/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime1/patcher/prime1_elevators.py
randovania/games/prime1/patcher/prime_items.py
randovania/games/prime1/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/prime1/presets/april_fools_2022.rdvpreset
randovania/games/prime1/presets/moderate_challenge.rdvpreset
randovania/games/prime1/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/prime2/CREDITS.txt
randovania/games/prime2/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/dark_aether_helper.py
randovania/games/prime2/game_data.py
randovania/games/prime2/hash_words.py
randovania/games/prime2/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/dark/player1.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/dark/player2.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/dark/player3.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/dark/player4.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/dark/random.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/light/player1.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/light/player2.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/light/player3.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/light/player4.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/light/random.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/simple/player1.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/simple/player2.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/simple/player3.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/simple/player4.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/simple/random.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/varia/player1.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/varia/player2.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/varia/player3.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/varia/player4.png
randovania/games/prime2/assets/suit_renders/varia/random.png
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/claris_randomizer_data.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/export_params.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/hint_formaters.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/hints.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/joke_hints.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/prime2/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/teleporter_distributor.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/item_pool/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/pickup_pool/dark_temple_keys.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/pickup_pool/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/prime2/generator/pickup_pool/sky_temple_keys.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/echoes_game_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/portal_details_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/translator_gate_details_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/dialog/echoes_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/echoes_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/echoes_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/games_tab_echoes_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/preset_echoes_beam_configuration_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/preset_echoes_goal_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/preset_echoes_hints_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/preset_echoes_patches_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/preset_echoes_translators_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/generated/preset_teleporters_prime2_ui.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/echoes_beam_configuration_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/echoes_dock_rando_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/echoes_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/echoes_item_pool_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/echoes_patches_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/echoes_starting_area.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/echoes_teleporters_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/preset_settings/echoes_translators_tab.py
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/echoes_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/echoes_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/games_tab_echoes_widget.ui
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_beam_configuration.ui
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_goal.ui
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_hints.ui
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_patches.ui
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/preset_echoes_translators.ui
randovania/games/prime2/gui/ui_files/preset_teleporters_prime2.ui
randovania/games/prime2/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/layout/beam_configuration.py
randovania/games/prime2/layout/echoes_configuration.py
randovania/games/prime2/layout/echoes_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/prime2/layout/echoes_cosmetic_suits.py
randovania/games/prime2/layout/echoes_user_preferences.py
randovania/games/prime2/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/prime2/layout/progressive_items.py
randovania/games/prime2/layout/translator_configuration.py
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Agon Wastes.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Agon Wastes.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Dark Agon Wastes.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Dark Agon Wastes.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Dark Torvus Bog.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Dark Torvus Bog.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Great Temple.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Great Temple.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Ing Hive.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Ing Hive.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Sanctuary Fortress.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Sanctuary Fortress.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Sky Temple Grounds.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Sky Temple Grounds.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Sky Temple.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Sky Temple.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Temple Grounds.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Temple Grounds.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Torvus Bog.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/Torvus Bog.txt
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/prime2/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/prime2/patcher/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime2/patcher/claris_randomizer.py
randovania/games/prime2/patcher/csharp_subprocess.py
randovania/games/prime2/patcher/echoes_items.py
randovania/games/prime2/pickup_database/memo_data.json
randovania/games/prime2/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/prime2/presets/darkszero_deluxe.rdvpreset
randovania/games/prime2/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/prime_hunters/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/game_data.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/hash_words.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/prime_hunters/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/prime_hunters/exporter/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/prime_hunters_game_tab.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/prime_hunters_teleporter_details_tab.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/dialog/cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/generated/games_tab_prime_hunters_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/generated/preset_prime_hunters_force_fields_ui.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/generated/preset_prime_hunters_goal_ui.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/generated/preset_teleporters_prime_hunters_ui.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/generated/prime_hunters_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/preset_settings/prime_hunters_force_fields_tab.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/preset_settings/prime_hunters_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/preset_settings/prime_hunters_patches_tab.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/preset_settings/prime_hunters_teleporters_tab.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/ui_files/games_tab_prime_hunters_widget.ui
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/ui_files/preset_prime_hunters_force_fields.ui
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/ui_files/preset_prime_hunters_goal.ui
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/ui_files/preset_teleporters_prime_hunters.ui
randovania/games/prime_hunters/gui/ui_files/prime_hunters_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/prime_hunters/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/layout/force_field_configuration.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/layout/prime_hunters_configuration.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/layout/prime_hunters_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/layout/progressive_items.py
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Alinos.json
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Alinos.txt
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Arcterra.json
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Arcterra.txt
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Celestial Archives.json
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Celestial Archives.txt
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Oubliette.json
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Oubliette.txt
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Vesper Defense Outpost.json
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/Vesper Defense Outpost.txt
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/prime_hunters/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/prime_hunters/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/prime_hunters/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/samus_returns/__init__.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/db_integrity.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/game_data.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/hash_words.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/cover.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/migration_data.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/lua/bootstrap_locations.lua
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/lua/bootstrap_part_0.lua
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/lua/bootstrap_part_1.lua
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/lua/bootstrap_part_2.lua
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/lua/bootstrap_part_3.lua
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 1.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 2 Dam Entryway.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 2 Dam Exterior.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 2 Dam Interior.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 3 Factory Exterior.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 3 Factory Interior.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 3 Metroid Caverns.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 4 Central Caves.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 4 Crystal Mines.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 5 Tower Exterior.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 5 Tower Interior.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 5 Tower Lobby.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 6.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 7.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Area 8.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Surface East.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/assets/maps/Surface West.png
randovania/games/samus_returns/exporter/game_exporter.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/exporter/hint_namer.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/exporter/joke_hints.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/exporter/options.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/exporter/patch_data_factory.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/generator/__init__.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/generator/bootstrap.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/generator/pool_creator.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/__init__.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/msr_game_tab.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/msr_teleporter_details_tab.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/dialog/cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/dialog/msr_connector_prompt_dialog.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/games_tab_samusreturns_widget_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/msr_cosmetic_patches_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/msr_game_export_dialog_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/preset_msr_aeion_and_energy_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/preset_msr_goal_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/preset_msr_hints_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/preset_msr_patches_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/preset_msr_reserves_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/generated/preset_teleporters_msr_ui.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/msr_aeion_energy_tab.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/msr_goal_tab.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/msr_patches_tab.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/msr_reserves_tab.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/msr_starting_area.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/msr_teleporters_tab.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/games_tab_samusreturns_widget.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/msr_cosmetic_patches_dialog.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/msr_game_export_dialog.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/preset_msr_aeion_and_energy.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/preset_msr_goal.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/preset_msr_hints.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/preset_msr_patches.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/preset_msr_reserves.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/gui/ui_files/preset_teleporters_msr.ui
randovania/games/samus_returns/layout/__init__.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/layout/msr_configuration.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/layout/msr_cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/layout/progressive_items.py
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 1.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 1.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 2 Dam Entryway.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 2 Dam Entryway.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 2 Dam Exterior.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 2 Dam Exterior.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 2 Dam Interior.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 2 Dam Interior.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 3 Factory Exterior.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 3 Factory Exterior.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 3 Factory Interior.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 3 Factory Interior.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 3 Metroid Caverns.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 3 Metroid Caverns.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 4 Central Caves.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 4 Central Caves.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 4 Crystal Mines.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 4 Crystal Mines.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 5 Tower Exterior.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 5 Tower Exterior.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 5 Tower Interior.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 5 Tower Interior.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 5 Tower Lobby.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 5 Tower Lobby.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 6.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 6.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 7.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 7.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 8.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Area 8.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Surface East.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Surface East.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Surface West.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/Surface West.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/header.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/logic_database/header.txt
randovania/games/samus_returns/pickup_database/pickup-database.json
randovania/games/samus_returns/presets/multiworld-starter-preset.rdvpreset
randovania/games/samus_returns/presets/starter_preset.rdvpreset
randovania/generator/__init__.py
randovania/generator/base_patches_factory.py
randovania/generator/dock_weakness_distributor.py
randovania/generator/generator.py
randovania/generator/generator_reach.py
randovania/generator/graph.py
randovania/generator/hint_distributor.py
randovania/generator/hint_state.py
randovania/generator/old_generator_reach.py
randovania/generator/pre_fill_params.py
randovania/generator/reach_lib.py
randovania/generator/teleporter_distributor.py
randovania/generator/filler/__init__.py
randovania/generator/filler/action.py
randovania/generator/filler/filler_configuration.py
randovania/generator/filler/filler_library.py
randovania/generator/filler/filler_logging.py
randovania/generator/filler/pickup_list.py
randovania/generator/filler/player_state.py
randovania/generator/filler/retcon.py
randovania/generator/filler/runner.py
randovania/generator/filler/weighted_locations.py
randovania/generator/filler/weights.py
randovania/generator/pickup_pool/__init__.py
randovania/generator/pickup_pool/ammo_pickup.py
randovania/generator/pickup_pool/pickup_creator.py
randovania/generator/pickup_pool/pool_creator.py
randovania/generator/pickup_pool/standard_pickup.py
randovania/gui/__init__.py
randovania/gui/async_race_room_window.py
randovania/gui/auto_tracker_window.py
randovania/gui/data_editor.py
randovania/gui/debug_backend_window.py
randovania/gui/game_specific_gui.py
randovania/gui/main_online_interaction.py
randovania/gui/main_window.py
randovania/gui/multiplayer_session_window.py
randovania/gui/multiworld_client.py
randovania/gui/qt.py
randovania/gui/tracker_window.py
randovania/gui/dialog/__init__.py
randovania/gui/dialog/area_details_popup.py
randovania/gui/dialog/async_race_admin_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/async_race_creation_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/async_race_leaderboard_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/async_race_proof_popup.py
randovania/gui/dialog/async_race_room_browser_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/async_race_settings_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/background_process_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/base_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/connections_editor.py
randovania/gui/dialog/connector_prompt_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/game_export_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/login_prompt_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/multiplayer_session_browser_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/node_details_popup.py
randovania/gui/dialog/permalink_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/preset_history_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/racetime_browser_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/scroll_label_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/select_preset_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/text_prompt_dialog.py
randovania/gui/dialog/trick_details_popup.py
randovania/gui/dialog/trick_usage_popup.py
randovania/gui/docks/__init__.py
randovania/gui/docks/connection_filtering_widget.py
randovania/gui/docks/hint_feature_database_editor.py
randovania/gui/docks/resource_database_editor.py
randovania/gui/game_details/__init__.py
randovania/gui/game_details/base_connection_details_tab.py
randovania/gui/game_details/dock_lock_details_tab.py
randovania/gui/game_details/game_details_tab.py
randovania/gui/game_details/game_details_window.py
randovania/gui/game_details/generation_order_widget.py
randovania/gui/game_details/hint_details_tab.py
randovania/gui/game_details/pickup_details_tab.py
randovania/gui/game_details/teleporter_details_tab.py
randovania/gui/generated/__init__.py
randovania/gui/generated/area_details_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/async_race_admin_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/async_race_creation_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/async_race_proof_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/async_race_room_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/async_race_settings_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/auto_tracker_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/background_process_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/connections_editor_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/customize_preset_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/data_editor_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/debug_connector_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/game_connection_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/game_details_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/game_validator_widget_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/generate_game_widget_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/hint_feature_database_editor_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/hint_feature_tab_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/login_prompt_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/main_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/multiplayer_session_browser_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/multiplayer_session_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/node_details_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/permalink_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/pickup_details_tab_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_customize_description_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_dock_rando_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_generation_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_hints_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_history_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_item_pool_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_location_pool_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_patcher_energy_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_starting_area_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/preset_trick_level_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/racetime_browser_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/randovania_help_widget_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/reporting_optout_widget_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/resource_database_editor_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/scroll_label_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/select_preset_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/select_preset_widget_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/standard_pickup_widget_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/text_prompt_dialog_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/tracker_window_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/trick_details_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/trick_usage_popup_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/widget_location_pool_row_ui.py
randovania/gui/generated/widget_pickup_style_ui.py
randovania/gui/lib/__init__.py
randovania/gui/lib/async_dialog.py
randovania/gui/lib/background_task_mixin.py
randovania/gui/lib/clickable_label.py
randovania/gui/lib/close_event_widget.py
randovania/gui/lib/color_lib.py
randovania/gui/lib/common_qt_lib.py
randovania/gui/lib/connections_visualizer.py
randovania/gui/lib/data_editor_canvas.py
randovania/gui/lib/data_editor_links.py
randovania/gui/lib/editable_list_view.py
randovania/gui/lib/editable_table_model.py
randovania/gui/lib/error_message_box.py
randovania/gui/lib/faq_lib.py
randovania/gui/lib/file_prompts.py
randovania/gui/lib/flow_layout.py
randovania/gui/lib/foldable.py
randovania/gui/lib/game_exporter.py
randovania/gui/lib/generation_failure_handling.py
randovania/gui/lib/hint_feature_list_view.py
randovania/gui/lib/hints_text.py
randovania/gui/lib/layout_loader.py
randovania/gui/lib/model_lib.py
randovania/gui/lib/multi_format_output_mixin.py
randovania/gui/lib/multiplayer_session_api.py
randovania/gui/lib/node_list_helper.py
randovania/gui/lib/pixmap_lib.py
randovania/gui/lib/preset_tree_widget.py
randovania/gui/lib/qt_network_client.py
randovania/gui/lib/scroll_message_box.py
randovania/gui/lib/scroll_protected.py
randovania/gui/lib/signal_handling.py
randovania/gui/lib/slider_updater.py
randovania/gui/lib/startup_tools.py
randovania/gui/lib/theme.py
randovania/gui/lib/tracker_item_image.py
randovania/gui/lib/vertical_tab_bar.py
randovania/gui/lib/wait_dialog.py
randovania/gui/lib/window_manager.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/__init__.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/customize_description_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/customize_preset_dialog.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/dock_rando_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/generation_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/hints_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/item_pool_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/location_pool_row_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/location_pool_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/metroid_item_pool_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/patcher_energy_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/pickup_style_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/preset_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/preset_teleporter_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/progressive_item_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/split_ammo_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/standard_pickup_widget.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/starting_area_tab.py
randovania/gui/preset_settings/trick_level_tab.py
randovania/gui/ui_files/.gitignore
randovania/gui/ui_files/area_details_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/async_race_admin_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/async_race_creation_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/async_race_proof_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/async_race_room_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/async_race_settings.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/auto_tracker_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/background_process_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/connections_editor.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/customize_preset_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/data_editor.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/debug_connector_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/game_connection_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/game_details_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/game_validator_widget.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/generate_game_widget.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/hint_feature_database_editor.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/hint_feature_tab.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/login_prompt_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/main_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/multiplayer_session.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/multiplayer_session_browser_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/node_details_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/permalink_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/pickup_details_tab.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_customize_description.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_dock_rando.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_generation.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_hints.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_history_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_item_pool.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_location_pool.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_patcher_energy.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_starting_area.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/preset_trick_level.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/racetime_browser_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/randovania_help_widget.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/reporting_optout_widget.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/resource_database_editor.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/scroll_label_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/select_preset_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/select_preset_widget.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/standard_pickup_widget.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/text_prompt_dialog.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/tracker_window.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/trick_details_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/trick_usage_popup.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/widget_location_pool_row.ui
randovania/gui/ui_files/widget_pickup_style.ui
randovania/gui/widgets/__init__.py
randovania/gui/widgets/about_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/async_race_room_settings_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/audit_log_model.py
randovania/gui/widgets/background_task_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/base_game_tab_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/changelog_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/combo_box_item_delegate.py
randovania/gui/widgets/delayed_text_label.py
randovania/gui/widgets/dependencies_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/game_connection_window.py
randovania/gui/widgets/game_validator_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/games_help_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/generate_game_mixin.py
randovania/gui/widgets/generate_game_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/hint_feature_tab.py
randovania/gui/widgets/item_tracker_popup_window.py
randovania/gui/widgets/item_tracker_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/multiplayer_session_users_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/node_selector_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/randovania_help_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/reporting_optout_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/select_preset_widget.py
randovania/gui/widgets/tracker_map.py
randovania/interface_common/__init__.py
randovania/interface_common/game_workdir.py
randovania/interface_common/generator_frontend.py
randovania/interface_common/github_releases_data.py
randovania/interface_common/installation_check.py
randovania/interface_common/options.py
randovania/interface_common/persisted_options.py
randovania/interface_common/persistence.py
randovania/interface_common/players_configuration.py
randovania/interface_common/preset_editor.py
randovania/interface_common/preset_manager.py
randovania/interface_common/sleep_inhibitor.py
randovania/interface_common/update_checker.py
randovania/interface_common/world_database.py
randovania/layout/__init__.py
randovania/layout/description_migration.py
randovania/layout/exceptions.py
randovania/layout/filtered_database.py
randovania/layout/game_patches_serializer.py
randovania/layout/generator_parameters.py
randovania/layout/layout_description.py
randovania/layout/permalink.py
randovania/layout/preset.py
randovania/layout/preset_describer.py
randovania/layout/preset_migration.py
randovania/layout/versioned_preset.py
randovania/layout/base/__init__.py
randovania/layout/base/ammo_pickup_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/ammo_pickup_state.py
randovania/layout/base/available_locations.py
randovania/layout/base/base_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/cosmetic_patches.py
randovania/layout/base/damage_strictness.py
randovania/layout/base/dock_rando_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/hint_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/logical_pickup_placement_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/logical_resource_action.py
randovania/layout/base/pickup_model.py
randovania/layout/base/standard_pickup_configuration.py
randovania/layout/base/standard_pickup_state.py
randovania/layout/base/trick_level.py
randovania/layout/base/trick_level_configuration.py
randovania/layout/lib/__init__.py
randovania/layout/lib/location_list.py
randovania/layout/lib/teleporters.py
randovania/layout/lib/trick_lib.py
randovania/lib/.gitignore
randovania/lib/__init__.py
randovania/lib/background_task.py
randovania/lib/construct_lib.py
randovania/lib/construct_stub.pyi
randovania/lib/container_lib.py
randovania/lib/dataclass_lib.py
randovania/lib/enum_lib.py
randovania/lib/frozen_lib.py
randovania/lib/ftp_uploader.py
randovania/lib/infinite_timer.py
randovania/lib/json_lib.py
randovania/lib/migration_lib.py
randovania/lib/obfuscator.py
randovania/lib/pyeasyga.py
randovania/lib/random_lib.py
randovania/lib/signal.py
randovania/lib/status_update_lib.py
randovania/lib/string_lib.py
randovania/lib/type_lib.py
randovania/lib/version_lib.py
randovania/lib/windows_lib.py
randovania/log_analyzer/__init__.py
randovania/log_analyzer/log_analyzer.py
randovania/monitoring/__init__.py
randovania/network_client/__init__.py
randovania/network_client/network_client.py
randovania/network_common/__init__.py
randovania/network_common/admin_actions.py
randovania/network_common/async_race_room.py
randovania/network_common/audit.py
randovania/network_common/error.py
randovania/network_common/game_connection_status.py
randovania/network_common/game_details.py
randovania/network_common/multiplayer_session.py
randovania/network_common/pickup_serializer.py
randovania/network_common/remote_inventory.py
randovania/network_common/remote_pickup.py
randovania/network_common/session_visibility.py
randovania/network_common/signals.py
randovania/network_common/user.py
randovania/network_common/world_sync.py
randovania/patching/__init__.py
randovania/patching/patchers/__init__.py
randovania/patching/patchers/exceptions.py
randovania/patching/patchers/gamecube/__init__.py
randovania/patching/patchers/gamecube/banner_patcher.py
randovania/patching/patchers/gamecube/iso_packager.py
randovania/patching/prime/__init__.py
randovania/patching/prime/asset_conversion.py
randovania/resolver/__init__.py
randovania/resolver/bootstrap.py
randovania/resolver/damage_state.py
randovania/resolver/debug.py
randovania/resolver/energy_tank_damage_state.py
randovania/resolver/exceptions.py
randovania/resolver/hint_state.py
randovania/resolver/logic.py
randovania/resolver/no_op_damage_state.py
randovania/resolver/resolver.py
randovania/resolver/resolver_reach.py
randovania/resolver/state.py
randovania/server/__init__.py
randovania/server/app.py
randovania/server/client_check.py
randovania/server/custom_discord_oauth.py
randovania/server/database.py
randovania/server/database_migration.py
randovania/server/lib.py
randovania/server/server_app.py
randovania/server/user_session.py
randovania/server/async_race/__init__.py
randovania/server/async_race/room_api.py
randovania/server/multiplayer/__init__.py
randovania/server/multiplayer/session_admin.py
randovania/server/multiplayer/session_api.py
randovania/server/multiplayer/session_common.py
randovania/server/multiplayer/web_api.py
randovania/server/multiplayer/world_api.py
randovania/server/templates/return_to_randovania.html
randovania/server/templates/unable_to_login.html
test/__init__.py
test/conftest.py
test/test_randovania_init.py
test/bitpacking/test_bitpacking.py
test/bitpacking/test_construct.py
test/bitpacking/test_json_dataclass.py
test/bitpacking/test_json_dataclass_future_import.py
test/cli/test_init.py
test/cli/commands/test_batch_distribute.py
test/cli/commands/test_benchmark.py
test/cli/commands/test_cli_patcher_data.py
test/cli/commands/test_database_cli.py
test/cli/commands/test_export_game.py
test/cli/commands/test_export_videos.py
test/cli/commands/test_generate_cli.py
test/cli/commands/test_hash_input.py
test/cli/commands/test_render_regions.py
test/cli/commands/test_website.py
test/discord_bot/test_bot.py
test/discord_bot/test_database_command.py
test/discord_bot/test_faq_command.py
test/discord_bot/test_preset_lookup.py
test/game_connection/test_game_connection.py
test/game_connection/builder/test_am2r_connector_builder.py
test/game_connection/builder/test_cs_connector_builder.py
test/game_connection/builder/test_dread_connector_builder.py
test/game_connection/builder/test_msr_connector_builder.py
test/game_connection/builder/test_nintendont_connector_builder.py
test/game_connection/builder/test_prime_connector_builder.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_am2r_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_cs_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_dread_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_echoes_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_msr_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/connector/test_prime1_remote_connector.py
test/game_connection/executor/test_am2r_executor.py
test/game_connection/executor/test_cs_executor.py
test/game_connection/executor/test_dolphin_executor.py
test/game_connection/executor/test_dread_executor.py
test/game_connection/executor/test_msr_executor.py
test/game_connection/executor/test_nintendont_executor.py
test/game_description/test_data_reader.py
test/game_description/test_data_writer.py
test/game_description/test_editor.py
test/game_description/test_game_description.py
test/game_description/test_game_patches.py
test/game_description/test_integrity_check.py
test/game_description/test_node.py
test/game_description/test_node_search.py
test/game_description/test_pickup_entry.py
test/game_description/test_pickup_migration.py
test/game_description/test_pretty_print.py
test/game_description/test_requirements.py
test/game_description/test_resources.py
test/game_description/test_schema_migration.py
test/game_description/db/test_region_list.py
test/game_description/resources/test_resource_info.py
test/game_description/resources/test_search.py
test/games/test_game.py
test/games/test_hashes.py
test/games/test_log_file_export.py
test/games/test_prime_binary_decoder.py
test/games/am2r/conftest.py
test/games/am2r/test_am2r.py
test/games/am2r/exporter/test_am2r_game_exporter.py
test/games/am2r/exporter/test_am2r_patch_data_factory.py
test/games/am2r/generator/test_am2r_base_patches.py
test/games/am2r/generator/test_am2r_bootstrap.py
test/games/am2r/generator/test_am2r_pool_creator.py
test/games/am2r/gui/test_am2r_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/games/am2r/gui/test_am2r_game_export_dialog.py
test/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/test_am2r_chaos_tab.py
test/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/test_preset_am2r_gameplay.py
test/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/test_preset_am2r_goal.py
test/games/am2r/gui/preset_settings/test_preset_am2r_room_design.py
test/games/am2r/layout/test_am2r_configuration.py
test/games/am2r/layout/test_am2r_describer.py
test/games/blank/gui/dialog/test_blank_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/games/blank/layout/test_blank_preset_describer.py
test/games/cave_story/conftest.py
test/games/cave_story/exporter/test_caver_patcher.py
test/games/cave_story/exporter/test_cs_options.py
test/games/cave_story/generator/test_cs_bootstrap.py
test/games/cave_story/generator/test_cs_hint_distributor.py
test/games/cave_story/gui/test_cs_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/games/cave_story/gui/test_cs_game_export_dialog.py
test/games/common/test_dotnet.py
test/games/common/prime_family/test_prime_export_validator.py
test/games/common/prime_family/test_trilogy_teleporters.py
test/games/dread/conftest.py
test/games/dread/test_dread_db.py
test/games/dread/exporter/test_dread_game_exporter.py
test/games/dread/exporter/test_dread_options.py
test/games/dread/exporter/test_dread_patch_data_factory.py
test/games/dread/generator/test_dread_bootstrap.py
test/games/dread/generator/test_dread_pool_creator.py
test/games/dread/gui/test_dread_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/games/dread/gui/test_dread_energy_tab.py
test/games/dread/gui/test_dread_game_export_dialog.py
test/games/dread/gui/test_ftp_uploader.py
test/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/test_dread_game_patches.py
test/games/dread/gui/preset_settings/test_dread_generation_tab.py
test/games/dread/layout/test_dread_configuration.py
test/games/dread/layout/test_dread_describer.py
test/games/factorio/exporter/test_factorio_game_exporter.py
test/games/fusion/conftest.py
test/games/fusion/test_fusion.py
test/games/fusion/exporter/test_fusion_game_exporter.py
test/games/fusion/exporter/test_fusion_hint_namer.py
test/games/fusion/exporter/test_fusion_patch_data_factory.py
test/games/fusion/generator/test_fusion_bootstrap.py
test/games/fusion/generator/test_fusion_hint_distributor.py
test/games/fusion/generator/test_fusion_pool_creator.py
test/games/fusion/gui/test_fusion_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/games/fusion/gui/test_fusion_game_export_dialog.py
test/games/fusion/gui/preset_settings/test_fusion_game_patches.py
test/games/fusion/gui/preset_settings/test_preset_fusion_goal.py
test/games/fusion/layout/test_fusion_configuration.py
test/games/fusion/layout/test_fusion_describer.py
test/games/patchers/test_claris_randomizer.py
test/games/patchers/test_csharp_subprocess.py
test/games/patchers/gamecube/test_iso_packager.py
test/games/planets_zebeth/exporter/test_planets_zebeth_game_exporter.py
test/games/planets_zebeth/generator/test_planets_zebeth_pool_creator.py
test/games/planets_zebeth/gui/test_planets_game_export_dialog.py
test/games/planets_zebeth/gui/preset_settings/test_preset_planets_zebeth_goal.py
test/games/planets_zebeth/layout/test_planets_zebeth_describer.py
test/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/test_item_hints.py
test/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/test_pickup_exporter.py
test/games/prime/patcher_file_lib/test_sky_temple_key_hint.py
test/games/prime1/exporter/test_prime_dangerous_settings.py
test/games/prime1/exporter/test_prime_game_exporter.py
test/games/prime1/exporter/test_prime_options.py
test/games/prime1/exporter/test_prime_patcher_data_factory.py
test/games/prime1/generator/test_prime_bootstrap.py
test/games/prime1/gui/dialog/test_prime_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/games/prime1/gui/dialog/test_prime_game_export_dialog.py
test/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/test_prime_enemy_stat_randomizer.py
test/games/prime1/gui/preset_settings/test_prime_generation_tab.py
test/games/prime1/layout/test_preset_describer.py
test/games/prime1/layout/test_prime_configuration.py
test/games/prime1/layout/test_prime_cosmetic_patches.py
test/games/prime2/exporter/test_echoes_game_exporter.py
test/games/prime2/exporter/test_echoes_options.py
test/games/prime2/exporter/test_echoes_patch_data_factory.py
test/games/prime2/generator/test_echoes_base_patches_factory.py
test/games/prime2/generator/test_echoes_bootstrap.py
test/games/prime2/generator/test_echoes_hint_distributor.py
test/games/prime2/generator/test_sky_temple_key.py
test/games/prime2/gui/test_translator_gate_details_tab.py
test/games/prime2/gui/dialog/test_echoes_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/games/prime2/gui/dialog/test_echoes_game_export_dialog.py
test/games/prime2/layout/test_echoes_preset_describer.py
test/games/prime2/patcher/test_patch_data_generator.py
test/games/prime_hunters/conftest.py
test/games/prime_hunters/generator/test_prime_hunters_base_patches_factory.py
test/games/prime_hunters/generator/test_prime_hunters_bootstrap.py
test/games/prime_hunters/generator/test_prime_hunters_pool_creator.py
test/games/prime_hunters/layout/test_force_field_configuration.py
test/games/prime_hunters/layout/test_prime_hunters_describer.py
test/games/samus_returns/conftest.py
test/games/samus_returns/exporter/test_msr_game_exporter.py
test/games/samus_returns/exporter/test_msr_options.py
test/games/samus_returns/generator/test_msr_bootstrap.py
test/games/samus_returns/generator/test_msr_pool_creator.py
test/games/samus_returns/gui/dialog/test_msr_cosmetic_patches_dialog.py
test/games/samus_returns/gui/dialog/test_msr_game_export_dialog.py
test/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/test_msr_aeion_tab.py
test/games/samus_returns/gui/preset_settings/test_msr_goal_tab.py
test/games/samus_returns/layout/test_msr_configuration.py
test/games/samus_returns/layout/test_msr_cosmetic_patches.py
test/games/samus_returns/layout/test_msr_describer.py
test/generator/conftest.py
test/generator/test_base_patches_factory.py
test/generator/test_dock_weakness_distributor.py
test/generator/test_generator.py
test/generator/test_generator_reach.py
test/generator/test_hint_distributor.py
test/generator/test_retcon_filler_integration.py
test/generator/test_teleporter_distributor.py
test/generator/filler/test_pickup_list.py
test/generator/filler/test_player_state.py
test/generator/filler/test_retcon.py
test/generator/filler/test_runner.py
test/generator/pickup_pool/test_ammo.py
test/generator/pickup_pool/test_pickup_creator.py
test/generator/pickup_pool/test_pool_creator.py
test/gui/test_async_race_room_window.py
test/gui/test_auto_tracker_window.py
test/gui/test_data_editor.py
test/gui/test_debug_backend_window.py
test/gui/test_game_details_window.py
test/gui/test_game_specific_gui.py
test/gui/test_main_online_interaction.py
test/gui/test_main_window.py
test/gui/test_multiplayer_session_window.py
test/gui/test_multiworld_client.py
test/gui/test_tracker_window.py
test/gui/dialog/test_async_race_admin_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_async_race_creation_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_async_race_leaderboard_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_async_race_proof_popup.py
test/gui/dialog/test_async_race_room_browser_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_background_process_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_connections_editor.py
test/gui/dialog/test_connector_prompt_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_item_configuration_popup.py
test/gui/dialog/test_login_prompt_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_multiplayer_session_browser_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_node_details_popup.py
test/gui/dialog/test_permalink_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_preset_history_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_racetime_browser_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_select_preset_dialog.py
test/gui/dialog/test_trick_details_popup.py
test/gui/dialog/test_trick_usage_dialog.py
test/gui/docks/test_connection_layer_widget.py
test/gui/game_details/test_generation_order_widget.py
test/gui/game_details/test_pickup_details_tab.py
test/gui/lib/test_async_dialog.py
test/gui/lib/test_background_task_mixing.py
test/gui/lib/test_color_lib.py
test/gui/lib/test_common_qt_lib.py
test/gui/lib/test_data_editor_canvas.py
test/gui/lib/test_data_editor_links.py
test/gui/lib/test_editable_table_model.py
test/gui/lib/test_file_prompts.py
test/gui/lib/test_foldable.py
test/gui/lib/test_multiplayer_session_api.py
test/gui/lib/test_qt_network_client.py
test/gui/lib/test_theme.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_customize_preset_dialog.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_generation_tab.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_hints_tab.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_item_pool_tab.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_location_pool_row_widget.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_preset_teleporter.py
test/gui/preset_settings/test_starting_area.py
test/gui/widgets/test_changelog_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_delayed_text_label.py
test/gui/widgets/test_game_connection_window.py
test/gui/widgets/test_game_validator_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_games_help_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_generate_game_mixin.py
test/gui/widgets/test_generate_game_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_item_tracker_popup_window.py
test/gui/widgets/test_item_tracker_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_multiplayer_session_users_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_node_selector_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_randovania_help_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_reporting_optout_widget.py
test/gui/widgets/test_select_preset_widget.py
test/interface_common/test_generator_frontend.py
test/interface_common/test_github_releases_data.py
test/interface_common/test_installation_check.py
test/interface_common/test_options.py
test/interface_common/test_preset_editor.py
test/interface_common/test_preset_manager.py
test/interface_common/test_update_checker.py
test/interface_common/test_world_database.py
test/layout/test_ammo_pickup_configuration.py
test/layout/test_ammo_pickup_state.py
test/layout/test_base_configuration.py
test/layout/test_cs_layout.py
test/layout/test_dock_rando_configuration.py
test/layout/test_echoes_configuration.py
test/layout/test_game_patches_serializer.py
test/layout/test_generator_parameters.py
test/layout/test_hint_configuration.py
test/layout/test_layout_description.py
test/layout/test_location_list.py
test/layout/test_permalink.py
test/layout/test_preset_migration.py
test/layout/test_standard_pickup_configuration.py
test/layout/test_standard_pickup_state.py
test/layout/test_teleporters.py
test/layout/test_translator_configuration.py
test/layout/test_trick_level_configuration.py
test/lib/test_construct_lib.py
test/lib/test_dataclass_lib.py
test/lib/test_enum_lib.py
test/lib/test_infinite_timer.py
test/lib/test_json_lib.py
test/lib/test_migration_lib.py
test/lib/test_obfuscator.py
test/lib/test_random_lib.py
test/lib/test_status_update_lib.py
test/lib/test_version_lib.py
test/network_client/test_network_client.py
test/network_common/test_error.py
test/network_common/test_world_sync.py
test/resolver/test_bootstrap.py
test/resolver/test_resolver.py
test/resolver/test_resolver_reach.py
test/resolver/test_state.py
test/server/conftest.py
test/server/test_app.py
test/server/test_client_check.py
test/server/test_database.py
test/server/test_migration.py
test/server/test_server_app.py
test/server/test_server_cli.py
test/server/test_user_session.py
test/server/async_race/conftest.py
test/server/async_race/test_room_api.py
test/server/multiplayer/conftest.py
test/server/multiplayer/test_multiplayer_init.py
test/server/multiplayer/test_session_admin.py
test/server/multiplayer/test_session_api.py
test/server/multiplayer/test_session_common.py
test/server/multiplayer/test_web_api.py
test/server/multiplayer/test_world_api.py
test/test_files/blank_game_web_info.md
test/test_files/echo_tool.py
test/test_files/echoes_log_a.txt
test/test_files/echoes_log_recursion_heavy.txt
test/test_files/history_for_file_test.tar
test/test_files/prime2_original_log.txt
test/test_files/prime2_small.json
test/test_files/prime2_small_v1.json
test/test_files/prime_data_as_binary.bin
test/test_files/prime_data_as_json.json
test/test_files/randomizer_patcher.json
test/test_files/caver_expected_data/arthur.json
test/test_files/caver_expected_data/camp.json
test/test_files/caver_expected_data/chaos.json
test/test_files/caver_expected_data/random.json
test/test_files/caver_expected_data/shuffle.json
test/test_files/caver_expected_data/start.json
test/test_files/caver_expected_data/starting.json
test/test_files/log_files/cs_echoes_multi_1.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread_prime1_multiworld.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2+msr.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/multi-oldechoes.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/multi_coop_am2r+bdg+cs+dread+prime1+echoes+msr.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime1-vanilla.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime1_and_2_multi.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime1_crazy_seed.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime1_crazy_seed_one_way_door.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime1_refills.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime2_no_pbs.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime2_seed_b.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/seed_a.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/test_preset.rdvpreset
test/test_files/log_files/vanilla.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/chaos_options.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/custom_dna_required.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/door_lock.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/door_lock_open.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/no_ammo.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/progressive_items.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/starter_preset.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/starting_items.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/am2r/transport_pipe_shuffle.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/blank/issue-3717.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/cave_story/arthur.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/cave_story/camp.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/cave_story/start.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/cave_story/starting.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/all_settings.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/crazy_settings.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/custom_patcher_data.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/custom_start.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/dread_dread_multiworld.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/elevator_rando.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/hide_all_with_nothing.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/starter_preset.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/dread/vanilla.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/factorio/starter_preset.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/fusion/all_hidden_with_nothing.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/fusion/all_hidden_with_random.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/fusion/short_intro.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/fusion/starter_preset.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/fusion/starting_items.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/planets_zebeth/starter_preset.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/planets_zebeth/starter_preset_shuffle_keys.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime2/door_lock_rando.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime2/starts_with_cannon_ball.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime_hunters/shuffled_force_fields.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime_hunters/starter_preset.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime_hunters/starting_items_with_nothings.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/prime_hunters/two_way_unchecked_portal_shuffle.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/samus_returns/arachnus_boss_start_inventory.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/samus_returns/diggernaut_boss_free_placement_dna.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/samus_returns/door_lock.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/samus_returns/door_lock_access_open.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/samus_returns/non_required_mains.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/samus_returns/progressive_beams_and_suits.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/samus_returns/queen_boss_custom_required_dna.rdvgame
test/test_files/log_files/samus_returns/starter_preset.rdvgame
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/shiny_pickups_dict_from_starter_preset.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/am2r/chaos_options/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/am2r/custom_dna_required/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/am2r/door_lock/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/am2r/door_lock_open/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/am2r/progressive_items/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/am2r/starter_preset/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/am2r/starting_items/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/am2r/transport_pipe_shuffle/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2+msr/world_6.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/am2r/multi_coop_am2r+bdg+cs+dread+prime1+echoes+msr/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/blank/blank/issue-3717/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/blank/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/blank/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_5.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/blank/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_5.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/blank/multi_coop_am2r+bdg+cs+dread+prime1+echoes+msr/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/cave_story/cs_echoes_multi_1/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/cave_story/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/cave_story/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_3.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/cave_story/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2+msr/world_5.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/cave_story/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/cave_story/multi_coop_am2r+bdg+cs+dread+prime1+echoes+msr/world_3.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/all_settings/cosmetic_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/all_settings/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/crazy_settings/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/custom_patcher_data/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/custom_start/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/dread_dread_multiworld/cosmetic_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/dread_dread_multiworld/cosmetic_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/dread_dread_multiworld/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/dread_dread_multiworld/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/elevator_rando/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/hide_all_with_nothing/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread/starter_preset/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/dread_prime1_multiworld/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_4.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_8.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2+msr/world_4.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_4.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_8.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/dread/multi_coop_am2r+bdg+cs+dread+prime1+echoes+msr/world_4.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/factorio/factorio/starter_preset/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/fusion/shiny_pickups_dict_from_starter_preset.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/fusion/fusion/all_hidden_with_nothing/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/fusion/fusion/all_hidden_with_random/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/fusion/fusion/short_intro/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/fusion/fusion/starter_preset/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/fusion/fusion/starting_items/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/planets_zebeth/planets_zebeth/starter_preset/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/planets_zebeth/planets_zebeth/starter_preset_shuffle_keys/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/dread_prime1_multiworld/cosmetic_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/dread_prime1_multiworld/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_6.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2+msr/world_3.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_6.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/multi_coop_am2r+bdg+cs+dread+prime1+echoes+msr/world_5.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/prime1_and_2_multi/cosmetic_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/prime1_and_2_multi/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/prime1_crazy_seed/cosmetic_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/prime1_crazy_seed/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/prime1_crazy_seed_one_way_door/cosmetic_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/prime1_crazy_seed_one_way_door/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime1/prime1_refills/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/prime2_no_pbs_new_patcher.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/prime2_no_pbs_old_patcher.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/seed_a_new_patcher.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/seed_a_old_patcher.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/cs_echoes_multi_1/cosmetic_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/cs_echoes_multi_1/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_3.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_7.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2+msr/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_3.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/multi-cs+dread+prime1+prime2/world_7.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/multi_coop_am2r+bdg+cs+dread+prime1+echoes+msr/world_6.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/prime1_and_2_multi/world_2.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/prime2/door_lock_rando/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime2/prime2/starts_with_cannon_ball/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime_hunters/prime_hunters/shuffled_force_fields/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime_hunters/prime_hunters/starter_preset/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime_hunters/prime_hunters/starting_items_with_nothings/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/prime_hunters/prime_hunters/two_way_unchecked_portal_shuffle/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/multi-am2r+cs+dread+prime1+prime2+msr/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/multi_coop_am2r+bdg+cs+dread+prime1+echoes+msr/world_7.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/arachnus_boss_start_inventory/cosmetic_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/arachnus_boss_start_inventory/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/diggernaut_boss_free_placement_dna/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/door_lock/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/door_lock_access_open/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/non_required_mains/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/progressive_beams_and_suits/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/queen_boss_custom_required_dna/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/samus_returns/samus_returns/starter_preset/world_1.json
test/test_files/patcher_data/super_metroid/sdm_test_game/world_1.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/prime2-old.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/cave_story_default_state/ammo-pickups.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/cave_story_default_state/standard-pickups.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/prime1_default_state/ammo-pickups.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/prime1_default_state/standard-pickups.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/prime2_default_state/ammo-pickups.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/prime2_default_state/standard-pickups.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/prime3_default_state/ammo-pickups.json
test/test_files/pickup_database/prime3_default_state/standard-pickups.json
test/test_files/presets/echoes-v44-migration-preset.rdvpreset
test/test_files/presets/fewest_changes_v1.rdvpreset
tools/.gitignore
tools/Randovania Installer.aip
tools/build_flatpak.py
tools/bulk_generate_for_discord.py
tools/bulk_move_nodes.py
tools/bulk_seed_search.py
tools/create_release.py
tools/create_signing_certificate.ps1
tools/deploy_server.py
tools/fake_nintendont_server.py
tools/game_console.py
tools/get_version_from_artifacts.py
tools/parse_nintendont_packet.py
tools/post_discord_webhook.py
tools/prepare_dev_server_config.py
tools/prepare_virtual_env.bat
tools/prepare_virtual_env.py
tools/prepare_virtual_env.sh
tools/profile.ps1
tools/rdv_logo.icns
tools/send_report_to_discord.py
tools/server_image_test.sh
tools/shell.nix
tools/start_client.bat
tools/start_client.sh
tools/start_debug_client.bat
tools/start_debug_client.sh
tools/start_dev_server.bat
tools/start_dev_server.sh
tools/trick_documentation_report.py
tools/uic_wrapper.py
tools/additional-pyinstaller-hooks/hook-frozendict.py
tools/additional-pyinstaller-hooks/hook-keystone.py
tools/additional-pyinstaller-hooks/hook-randovania_lupa.py
tools/bulk-generation/.gitignore
tools/factorio/create_nodes.py
tools/factorio/create_resources.py
tools/factorio/recipe_log_report.py
tools/flatpak/.gitignore
tools/flatpak/io.github.randovania.Randovania.metainfo.xml
tools/flatpak/io.github.randovania.Randovania.yml
tools/icons/rdv_blue.png
tools/icons/rdv_red.png
tools/server-docker/docker-compose.yml